---
layout: exam_info
num: e01
ready: true
desc: "'Midterm' Exam"
exam_date: 2020-03-04 14:00
---

# 'Midterm' Exam (75 minutes) 

Closed Notes. One double sided sheet of notes (any text size) will be the only material allowed. 

## About this CS48 exam

There will be a set of **true/false questions**, e.g.:

From Lecture 05 (software development as a process):
* “Waterfall” and “hill-climbing” are both models of software development discussed in class (**false**)
   

There will also be some **multiple choice questions**, such as, e.g.: 

From Lecture 03 (scenario-based design):

A _______ is a narrative that explores the future use of a product from a user's point of view, helping design teams reason about its place in a person's day-to-day life. 
* A. plot
* **B. scenario**
* C. stand-up
* D. user story

Finally, there will be some **short-answer questions**, such as: 

From Lecture 09 (continuous integration):

Describe the technique of continuous integration, how it might be implemented, and how it could be useful.


## Coverage

* Homeworks {% include hwk hwk="h00" %} through {% include hwk hwk="h09" %} and reading assignments that went with those homeworks.
   * You are encouraged to re-read those; exam questions may be asked
     about any topic specifically mentioned on the homework and also on 
     major themes in the reading.
   * Note: these are not intended as "gotcha" questions about small details,
     but are designed to make sure you understood the big picture.  So focus
     on the big themes as you read.

* Lecture activities through the lecture before the exam

Here is an overview of the different lecture topics and homework assignments that covered material that might be on the exam in some form or the other:
* <https://sites.cs.ucsb.edu/~holl/CS48/handouts/Slides_Materials.pdf>


   
