---
assigned: 2020-02-19 14:00
desc: Software Patterns 
due: 2020-02-24 14:00
num: h08
ready: false

---

<div style="display:none;">https://ucsb-cs48.github.io/w20/hwk/h08/</div>

For this homework, please review these articles, in addition to the class slides from [Lecture 8](https://ucsb-cs48.github.io/w20/lectures/lect08/):

* <https://airbrake.io/blog/design-patterns/software-design-patterns-guide> (Software Design Patterns: A Guide)
* <https://sourcemaking.com/antipatterns> (AntiPatterns)

<ol>

<li style="margin-bottom:1em;"> (15 pts) Please fill in the information at the top of this homework sheet, including
your name and umail address.  Put the time your discussion section starts
({{site.sections}}) in the space indicated (the one you are registered for&mdash;even if you usually attend a different one.)  If the other two items apply, please fill
them in as well.  Please do this every single time you submit homework for this class.
</li>
<li style="margin-bottom:0em;" markdown="1"> Software design patterns are formalized best practices that a programmer can refer to in order to solve common problems when designing an application or system.
<ol>

<li style="margin-bottom:8em;" markdown="1"> (15 pts)  Going back to the origins of software design patterns, which four people were in the "Gang of Four"?  What made them well-known?  
 </li>

<li style="margin-bottom:8em;" markdown="1"> (15 pts)  Name three overall classes of software design patterns. Explain, in your own words, what problems they each focus on, and why those problems exist. 
</li>

</ol>


</li>




<div class="pagebreak">
</div>


</li>

<li style="margin-bottom:1em;" > When discussing integration tests, Kent describes "mocking", and says that he generally mocks
network requests, and components responsible for animation.  

<ol>
  
<li style="margin-bottom:10em;"> (10 pts) In the context of integration testing, what is mocking? (You may have to do your own research on this).
</li>
  
<li style="margin-bottom:1em;" markdown="1"> (10 pts) There are mocking frameworks/libraries for each of the languages we are using in CS48 this quarter (C#/Unity, JavaScript and Python).   Write the name of the language yoru team is using, and then write the name  of a mocking framework for that language, and a URL for the main site documenting that framework:

<style>
.fill-in-table td:last-of-type { width: 40em; line-height: 2.5em;}
.fill-in-table td:first-of-type { font-family: Arial Narrow, sans-serif; font-size: 80%; padding: 2px;}
</style>

| Language/Framework my team is using  | |
| Name of Mocking framework for that language | |
| URL of main site for that framework |  |
{:.fill-in-table}
  
</li>  

</ol>
  
</li>

<li style="margin-bottom:10em;" markdown="1"> Naidele Manjunath and Olivier de Meulder, software engineers for the New York Times, explain how user stories and acceptance criteria are used in the development of their systems. Naidele and Olivier describe a role known as the Product Owner.  As we have discussed, *Product Owner* is a very important role in traditional Agile teams.  Read about that role on the NYTimes team, and you may also want to consult: https://www.agilealliance.org/glossary/product-owner.

Now consider who your target "customers"/"users" are for your CS48 team's application.  Consider a strategy by which someone on your CS48 team could play the role of product owner.    Decide whether that should be a fixed role for the remainder of the course, or a rotating role.  Then briefly explain your strategy.  

For full credit, include 
* (5 pts) An explanation of who your customers/users are
* (5 pts) What the product owner on your team will do (i.e. how they interact with the rest of the team)
* (5 pts) Whether the role should be fixed or shifting throughout the course and why you made that choice.


</li>

<li style="margin-bottom:8em;" markdown="1"> (10 pts) Naidele and Olivier describe using the Mocha and Cucumber libraries with JavaScript.  While Mocha is specific to JavaScript/Node.js, Cucumber can be used with C++, Java, Python, C#, Ruby and a [number of other languages](https://docs.cucumber.io/installation/).

How is the NYTimes team using Cucumber?

</li>

<li style="margin-bottom:0em;" markdown="1"> (10 pts) Naidele and Olivier describe four tangible benefits from BDD.  Imagine that your team is able to replicate their success with BDD.    Consider which of the four benefits you think would apply *most* to your own CS48 project.  Explain the benefit in your own words, and explain how you could tell whether it was making a difference in the success of your project. 
</li>



</ol>
